1. WAP to create a student structure with consists of roll no., name, their subject's marks, total, avg, grade, 
    create a structure of n no. of student
2. Search a specific student record in respect of their roll no. 
3. Search a specific student record in respect of their name. 
4. WAP to create a employee structure which consist of employee id., employee name, 
    their salary as input & calculate DA, TA, HRA, Gross salary, PF, and net salary nad calculate the designation.
5. WAP to create a box structure with consists the length, breadth, height of a rectangular box, calculate 
    the volume of n size and print the max volume within thse box
6. WAP to create a cone structure with consists radius and height of the cone, 
    calculate the volume of cones of n times and find out the max volumes
7. Create a structure called point that consiosts of (x, y) coordinate. Create a structure of n types 
    and print second quadrants within the points
8. Create a structure called bank which consists of acc number, name and balance of a customer. 
    Create a structure of n number of customer if user press 1 specific users among will be deposited and if the user 
    press 0 the specific user amount to be withdrawn. If the deposited amount less than or equal to 1000 then user can't 
    withdraw the amount.
9. Sort the student structure in descending order of their marks. 
10. Sort the employee structure in descending order of their gross salary.
11. Define a structure called struct line to hold the 2 components (m i.e. slope and c i.e. the y intercept) of a line. Define a structure data type 
    called struct point to hold the 2 components (x and y) of a point. input the components for 2 line type variables L1 and L2,
    and find the point of intersection of the lines. Store the point of intersection in a point type data and display the result.
12. Define a structure data type called struct vector to hold the 3 components (x. y. z) of a vector. Input the components for 2 such 
vector type variables v1 and v2 and calculate the cross product of those and display the result. 